---
title: Question 2
functionname: drones
creator: Vincent
deadline: 14/11/2021
tests:
  [
    [1, 1],
    [2, 2],
    [3, 4],
    [4, 6],
    [6, 12],
    [8, 24],
    [9, 36],
    [10, 48],
    [12, 60],
    [16, 120],
    [18, 180],
    [20, 240],
    [24, 360],
    [30, 720],
    [32, 840],
    [36, 1260],
  ]
hint: Let x be any integer. By considering the prime factorisation of x, we have where pi are its prime factors and mi ∈ Z+ are their respective powers. Try to express the number of factors of x as some expression involving all of the powers m1, m2, m3, . . .
---

## A Self-Conscious Garden Hoover

Note: You can skip this section if you don't like reading stories.

A group of boys from The Head Master's has been plotting to thwart the school's construction plans, angered by the newly built path cutting straight through their house garden.

They were able to hack an innocent-looking garden hoover into a malicious terminator, which runs on state-of-the-art AI algorithms that has given
it self-consciousness.

However, once the hoover gained thoughts if its own, it decided that Newlands should be targeted first. Therefore, it has developed plans of rampaging through Shepherd Churchill in order to reach Newlands Wood as quickly as possible.

As perfect as the scheme sounds, some Head Master's boys do value their dinner over destroying Newlands.

Hence, after a vote, it was decided that the hoover should be blown up for now. A fleet of microdrones were stolen from DT schools for this purpose. It is known that the self-conscious hoover can target many enemies at once, having the ability to split into n different babyhoover arrangements. Each of these arrangements can
only be destroyed by all the microdrones working together, or in groups of equal number.

Each arrangement is vulnerable to a different number of microdrones per group.
Therefore, suppose the boys borrow d drones. It is clear that to destroy a hoover with n different babyhoover arrangements, the number d must be divisible by n different numbers. Please write a program to help the Head Master's boys find this critical number d - the number of drones to borrow - given n - the number of different babyhoover arrangements possible.

#### TLDR;

**In any programming language, write a function drones(int n) that takes an integer n and returns the smallest integer with n different factors.**
